once again we crazy anchors being
investigated this time they're legal
they have a
the stress goal
I have my family your support sheriff's
here in Seoul and the health inspector
this is what what is the cash register
you had a few headed we had we just had
three estimates done so distressed
animals they cannot look at that did you
only hear you have to speak with the
Yamaha
look my huh
through my dogs
rather than distress
partner is here
people that have distressed animals all
four thousand dollars rewards to get
them back you know that Anna
now of course my baby girls better
out like a light
Kobe
hey nice
for the terminal how old is that bottle
according to this invoices 2011
um they would have my script on file
you'll have a copy here you say how you
see how how I need a secretary
Richard's I was Xena that was used to
put a cult down by that I wasn't
put it down or it just tranquilize
tranquilize it
the vet record
Oh
I'd have to get ahold of dr. Julie and
dr. buyer
where do you want me to fax it to
in a dirty bedroom after the lights on
so I can show you the distressed all
that's Emma Tilda Maddie so you're not
Matty there's no being migrated a dirty
bedroom that animal in distress know
that she could come to search the
property to see if there were any animal
in distress okay well are there
Marsha keys hi girls
yeah they went to the morning where
anybody's fed I'm been doing this myself
Marge they don't have a video camera out
here my place is sleep down here I'm a
hater guy anymore hi
dead bodies I just didn't want to jump
me dead bodies like the Cumberland
County SPCA does and takes them to the
landfill on a weekly basis because you
get fired when you want to save the
animals and adopt a cat and they say
what keep it in the barn a cat dead
animals deer meat you like to try some
take some home think we got some healthy
stuff like hot dogs which is what we eat
when the dogs eat three dollar pound
taste of the wild
hi girls okay you bad girl chewing up
your blanket oh now here's dogs in
distress look I didn't clean my kennels
pansy calm